gonna buy you a new car why would I want
a new car Datsun runs great I don't want
anything everything has to be different
[Music]
there are people in this world who go
looking for adventure
Christopher McCandless was searching for
himself so you're a leather now I'm 11
another they call the ones that
hoof it don't you think you ought to be
getting a job and making something of
this life only got one Quinn I'm going
to Alaska Alaska Alaska or city Alaska
gonna be all the way out there yes in
the wild what are you doing when we're
there now you're in the wild is he doing
you just live in man I read somewhere
how important it is in life not
necessarily to be strong but to feel
strong to measure yourself at least once
where are your mom and dad living their
lives someone
[Music]
I was at Bremen wolf I didn't imagine it
they heard him I heard I heard Chris
[Music]
son how long you been out here a couple
weeks and before that I went to South
Dakota I worked for Hispanic Wayne what
do you think about all this I like all
this I took the Colorado River all the
way down to the Grand Canyon and did
rapids
[Music]
what's the understand for North you know
great Alaskan adventure
[Music]
[Applause]
if you want something in life you John
[Music]